[Music]
whoa check it out
21 details you missed in your favorite
movies so have you ever watched a movie
ten times and only on the 11th viewing
did you notice something you never saw
before these hidden details and movies
also known as Easter eggs are suggestive
wings from the film's directors and
editors well most of them are intended
for everyone's enjoyment you sometimes
can't help but feel like those little
details are for your eyes only so sit
back relax and grab the popcorn it's
movie time don't forget to click the
subscribe button and turn on
notifications to join us on the bright
side of life
number one zootopia's nod to Keanu
Reeves in 2016
audience has got to peek into the lives
of their favorite zoo animals but they
probably had no idea that a nod to Keanu
Reeves was hidden in there
in one particular scene there's a
picture of an animal sitting on a park
bench and it's pinned to a map this
seemingly innocent pic was a nod to the
a-list actor Keanu Reeves this picture
of him sitting on a park bench alone
eating his sandwich was captured by a
paparazzi and became a meme sensation
portraying a sad self reflecting Keanu
or guy number two deep blue seas nod to
jaws well both of these films have
slightly different premises they're both
about one scary thing sharks but there's
no question that jaws first released in
1975 is the mother of all shark flicks
that's probably why the creative minds
behind deep blue sea decided to play
homage to the classic film by showing an
abandoned license plate on a pier that
matched the one shown in Jaws
number three the mountains in cars cars
is a super fun flick giving
personalities to our favorite
automobiles as a fun little detail the
artist behind the film turned the
mountains shown in one scene into shapes
of classic cars similar to the idea of
Mount Rushmore which shows the faces of
four u.s. presidents this fun detail is
easy to miss so pay close attention when
you're watching number four dragons
acting like cats meow in the exciting
animated film How to Train Your Dragon
you may have noticed that toothless one
of the movie's main characters looks a
bit familiar if he reminded you of your
pet cat you're not crazy the movements
of toothless were based on one of the
animators cats again I say meow number
five the pursuit of happiness is quick
cameo have you ever watched any of the
classic horror films by Alfred Hitchcock
if you have you probably noticed that
the famous director love to make subtle
cameos in all of his films echoing this
idea The Pursuit of Happyness starring
Will Smith also featured a quick cameo
except it wasn't the director who showed
up on screen but rather Christopher
Gardner the person the entire movie is
based on give the movie another watch
and see if you can spot him number six
the matrix is camera Trek in this fan
favorite action flick there's a scene
where Morpheus and neo are seen in a
doorknobs reflection but if you look
closely you can see the camera in plain
sight it looks like they dressed it with
a strip of green fabric to make it look
like it's part of Morpheus as ty leave
it to the people behind the matrix to
play tricks on our minds number seven
gladiators fashion faux-pas the film
gladiator starring Russell Crowe takes
place in the time of ancient Rome an era
where people in the ring wore leather
iron and other protective gear but in
one scene of this action flick if you
look closely you'll know
there's someone in the background
wearing blue jeans hey there's no way
Levi Strauss had a denim line all the
way back then in the scene you can see
the person realize they're on camera and
quickly get out of the frame but for
some reason the editors didn't cut this
out
number 8 Cloudy with a Chance of
Meatballs history lesson this fun
animated film is filled with hilarious
moments but who knew you'd get a small
history lesson out of one of its scenes
in the scene where pies are falling from
the sky and hitting Mount Rushmore all
the presidents carved in the mountains
are led straight on while Lincoln's face
is hit from behind this is exactly the
way he was assassinated in real life but
with a bullet not a pie of course while
this scene isn't exactly hidden it's
easy to miss that tiny little detail
number 9 the Godfather's cryptic
messages this classic mafia film is
filled with Easter eggs and the film's
biggest fans can tell you all about them
one interesting thing that happens in
the movie is the suggestion of impending
death in many scenes in the movie you'll
see the appearance of an orange just
before someone dies that's one juicy
little detail isn't it hey leave the gun
take the cannoli number 10 up shows
great attention to detail in this
touching animated film Carl one of the
main characters is shown in a picture
with his deceased wife Ellie if you take
a closer look at the photo all the
things that are on Carl's side of the
room are rectangular in shape well
Ellie's side consists of round items the
animators really got creative with the
details of this film hey I still can't
get through the first ten minutes
without crying number 11 when universes
collide if you've seen both alien
covenant and Blade Runner you may have
noticed that both sets of characters
used the same computer interface this
has led many fans to believe that the
movies take place in the same universe
number twelve spider-man takes the
Marvel Universe seriously in a scene
from 2017 spider-man you can see a wall
of famous scientists in a physics
classroom among these famous faces you
can see Bruce Banner played by Mark
Ruffalo the scientist that can turn into
the Hulk in the fictional Marvel
Universe this little detail is very easy
to miss number 13
Aladdin's carpet is alive and well
remember the famous magic carpet from
the movie Aladdin well you might have
seen it in other movies as well in 2016
s Moana you can see the same magic
carpet boasting the same beautiful
design its twill number 14 Coco's
shout-out to The Incredibles much of the
movie Coco takes place in the afterlife
where everyone looks like skeletons in
one scene you can see a movie poster on
the wall of an alley featuring The
Incredibles
except they're drawn as skeletons it's
easy to miss this fun detail but next
time you watch this fun flick try to
keep an eye out for number 15 costume
shortages if you've seen both the Indian
runner and Captain Fantastic Viggo
Mortenson wears the same shirt in two
different scenes nearly 25 years apart
either this was done on purpose to catch
the movie fans eyes or their costume
department needs to get way more
creative I think it's the first one
number 16
Jurassic world gets cheeky a sequel to
1993 is Jurassic Park
Jurassic world provides a little bit of
humor during its fast-paced
high-intensity scenes in one frame you
can see one of the characters standing
in front of a t-shirt for sale that
shows a cartoon t-rex uttering the words
I'm back you got to admit that's pretty
hilarious number 17
Blade Runner 20 49 s era identity crisis
in Blade Runner 20 49 Ryan Gosling's
character writes on a tab
in one of the first scenes of the movie
but this tablet is actually a plate
holder belonging to a camera used in the
1920s looks like these two eras got a
little bit confused number 18 the Lego
movies nod to reality in 2014's the lego
movie
one of the little astronauts has a crack
in the lower half of his helmet if you
ever had this kind of Lego in the past
you may remember experiencing this with
your own little aster I've talked about
keeping it real 19 big hero 6
baymax vacations in the Polynesian
islands if you look closely in one of
the scenes from Moana you'll see that
one of the pirate gang members of Kaka
Mora bears a striking resemblance to the
character baymax from big hero 6
coincidence hmm
probably not number 20 monsters vs.
aliens exists alongside Shrek
now if you look closely the general in
monsters vs. aliens is wearing a little
shrimp in either ogres exist in their
universe or their big shrek fans number
21 and editing blunder in frozen in
films like frozen it's easy to see that
a lot of hard work went into animating
the film however if you look really
closely there's a scene where you can
see that Christoph's finger disappears
into Anna's side as he lifts her up next
time you watch the movie try hitting
pause when this scene comes up so you
can get a good look at the mistake major
whoopsies
after learning about all these hidden
easter eggs from your favorite films
don't be surprised if you've developed a
more critical eye while watching movies
and TV shows in the future so have you
found other hidden details in any of the
movies mentioned in this video tell us
in the comments below don't forget to
give this video a like share it with
your friends and click Subscribe stay on
the bright side